Linuxgif (#31)
a-b-street/docs: book/src/user/README.md

    this as a Mac .app, to make this process simpler
- [Linux](https://github.com/a-b-street/abstreet/releases/download/v0.3.5/abstreet_linux_v0_3_5.zip)
  - Unzip the directory, then run `play_abstreet.sh`.

>   - For a gif illustrating this and more detailed instructions on installing the tool on Linux, see [here](https://github.com/a-b-street/docs/issues/29).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For a video illustrating this and more detailed instructions on installing the tool on Linux, see [here](run_on_linux.gif).
```
